My name is Lisa Nestor and I work on our ecosystem strategy team at the Stellar Development Foundation, and I will be providing moderation support during our discussions today. So the topic on the table for this virtual round table is a direct send proposal. This is a discussion continued from exactly two weeks ago, on April 16th, and we will be talking through and finalizing the direct send proposal. First, however, I'd love to give just a little bit of background on what a SEP is. This is a Stellar native term and so SEP stands for Stellar ecosystem proposal. So steps are publicly created open source documents that live in a github repository and they facilitate the creation and eventual adoption of,
Creation and eventual adoption of technical standards within the Stellar ecosystem. So steps are really a dynamic way of introducing standards and protocols utilized in the ecosystem built on top of the Stellar network and, in particular, as new use cases evolve throughout the Stellar ecosystem, new steps help to formalize those use cases and make them increasingly easy to implement and streamline between various participants. So, specifically, today we're going to be talking about the direct send SEP. People are also referring this, referring to this as a send- receive set, and the purpose of this set is really to enable Fiat de Fiat payments that would be facilitated between two anchors. We also think of this as being a set to support more traditional style cross border payments in which a sender execute the transaction to receiver and a foreign destination and really wants
A foreign destination and really wants that receiver to just have funds arrive in their bank account. They don't really want to interact with a wallet or a digital asset themselves. So, like a remittance or a business payment, the transaction is executed and the receiver can just the funds. To date, there have been some initial decisions made around this up and we've linked to the specific github pull requests there and so to move forward, let me quickly introduce our participants. Today we have four different companies from the Stellar ecosystem, representatives from each of these companies that will be joining us. So we have Anthony from tempo, we have Andy from Satoshi pay blue, bemy from Kaori, claudio from inclusive and Michael from SDF. So thank you all so much for joining us and being patient, this
Joining us and being patient this morning, and so, finally, this is what today's agenda will be. We are going to work hard to talk through each of these line items. So if you're in the stream, feel free to kind of follow along with us, and with that I will hand it over to Michael from SDF to help kick things off. Thanks, Lisa. Okay, so really quickly can't go back to the agenda. Yes, so last week we talked a lot about the happy path for this proposal. I think we got it to a really good place. We had some updates from the conversation and I think that we're pretty happy with where it is for the happy path, where it's simply two anchors that have, you know, good financial partnerships or our financial institutions themselves. And then what we're going to talk about today are some additions that might be become a part of the set or might become a part of an additional set. Then make it
A part of an additional set. Then make it possible for a lot more parties to participate in this network of Fiat to Fiat rails. So the first thing I'm talking about is a well, is a multilateral KYC, then if inclusive is going to give us a, an update about what that is, and I think the general idea here is it makes a much easier way for multiple parties to share KYC data so everybody doesn't have to duplicate efforts and people who might not be able to get involved previously can through this process. And then we're going to talk about how non custodial applications, so noncustodial wallets, can start to execute these directs and transactions. So I'm going to pass it over to clutter. You apologize if I pronounced that incorrectly. No, that's fine, thank you. You're closer than this at them from us.
You're closer than this at them from us so what we are doing at the Cruces and what we are trying to achieve with multilateral KYC and what's, let's say, our role in the interstellar network. So maybe you want to see if they're focusing on compliance checks: KY c, KY b and c, DD, continuous due diligence, monitoring and reporting. But multiple k was motivated KYC as a little bit of background and maybe already touched in the last discussion. Like each anchor for each payment right has to do a KYC on the sender. The said, if we are talking from bank or anchor set which is on the agenda, and also the receiving anchor from the regulatory point of view, also
From the regulatory point of view, also needs to put a YC on the sender right and the center and cross on the receiver. So can we see multilateral also how we are calling its EDD connect. Basically we will enable through our guess product, which is also late guy based, to share this information. In medicine formation are referring to the KYC data without any personal information attached to it, right? So as an example, for example, let's say one anchor from Europe wants to do payment to an anchor from Nigeria, for example, right, and the anchor from Europe already onboard it. Let's say the sender using our chests, api's, and then also Canada from diner, from Nigeria. He's using our cassock, that's right. So when the anchor from Nigeria will do the center KYC, basically we are not performing another KFC check, basically
Performing another KFC check, basically we are just sharing the existing data and, let's say, report and history of the center which was already made for the anchor from Europe, right, so basically, this is Casey connect, OCD connect- right, and what this brings it to the table. It brings, I think, cost deductions. Right, because it reduce costs. It also makes the process more efficient, right, because, but just by enabling sharing data also, this process is almost instant, like it doesn't involve the basic LSE check. Nativity church doesn't involve too much manual interaction. But of course it can be extended with checks which will involve some, let's say, offline processing in case of, you know, you want to do extra due diligence on a,
You want to do extra due diligence on a certain entity or individual. Also, this is multilateral. AIC is not, let's say, enforcing an anchor to just, you know, do KYC in a single way. Basically it just you just try to provide the framework. But each anchor can have its own particularities, for example, to extend KYC, its own services or whatever you know third party tools they are using, right, what else? So we already starting discussion. I think our CEO is in contact with most of the bankers which are present right now in the call to agree upon, let's say, requirements and use cases which all of us try to fulfill on the Stellar network. So yeah, and we are more than welcome, everybody else wants to join. This is
Everybody else wants to join. This is huge initiative, okay, this exciting. Two reasons, I think what this gives us, at least a sorry about seasoning, okay. So this excites me for two reasons. One is what you said you mention it as cost savings and I think it's more than that. I think it enables. You know the cost savings come from right now every anchor kind of has to be a specialist in the KYC of every region, which is obviously a huge cost and also just it's not going to happen. So this kind of says you know this one company's going to focus on KYC in different regions and now everybody else doesn't have to. So that's a cost savings and it allows, you know, no company is going to be able to have a team large enough to really work all over the world. And the second thing, that
Over the world. And the second thing that it does- and correct me if I'm wrong here- this is this kind of goes to the last point in that subsection- was it enables people who may not be able to do actual KYC, people who are not financial institutions, such as Satoshi bei. This will allow them to kind of offload the KYC process on to conclusive. So when they start a process, they can get KYC done through a regulated institution like inclusive, and all the other parties in this multilateral agreement can accept it and that will regulatorily allow a Satoshi paid to start creating these transactions. So we you know there's two things blocking them. One is the technical way: does it fit into? The second one is the regulatory way. Will other parties accept payments that originated from a noncustodial wallet? So am I correct in saying that this will solve those,
Saying that this will solve those two problems. Yes, you're right, we provide everything you said and that's room. So, basically, that's our mission. You know, to provide easy access to compliance services and also, you know, to banking integrations. And then, yes, also from outside that sounds like that's what we're aiming for. Cool to hear from the anchors. Does that make sense from your perspective? I'm just kind of, given how you typically handle your responsibilities anchors to myself, how
Responsibilities anchors to myself, how much access we have, two simple KYC processor and then as long as we have, you know, like access to the data, and so on and so forth, we could probably still meet the regulatory requirements, saying that, yes, we did do this KYC, we didn't have access to the KYC data. And when you do your own processing, like you just said, this is only in your own home country, right? So you still don't need to specialize in kic for other countries, just yourself. Yes, perhaps to meet the referee requirement in Honduras, diction reckon each of us in country specific and in this multilateral agreement, is that something that's allowed, we're a,
That something that's allowed, we're a receiving acre can pull the data down or is it obfuscated behind a token to have the actual data to meet arranged to meet the regulatory requirement? So it can't be obfuscated. We have to have access to my data and insert the situation required to share that data with directly interests of. For example, if there's a little vest or something like that, they would need to see the actual basis. So bright, we confiscated we means actually access it. In the current situation where we process it ourselves moving, we, you know, we would actually process and store my data. So it wouldn't be a office cater to sighs, my regulate, so cardio, is that something that's possible with your,
Something that's possible with your scheme? Yeah, so basically, just to make things a little bit clearer, you, like you know, for example, energy, that you have the data. You want to do the KYC check on it, right, so what you will do, you will just call us and we will just see if those person were already KYC it? Right, and we have a report on them. And, of course, only if the institution, like the anchors that you are participating in this one, are billing, to share the information about them. Right, because each country might have its own degree place. You know in a certain card, any country maybe. You are not allowed to share the KYC information, even though if it's not a personal information, right, so basically, each anchor will own the personal information. Yes, we will also have it, but you will get back the KYC data. Right, so we will not get anything over skated on it, right, okay, any data that shared
On it? Right, okay, any data that shared from one anchor who's part of this multilateral agreement. That data can then be pulled down by a receiving anchor who is also part of the agreements. Exactly, it's a full data sharing agreement. It's not like we're just saying what we trust. That conclusive did it. So we're cool with everything. We can actually pull whatever we need down. Yeah, exactly, cool, okay, that sounds. It sounds like it solves the problem from Kyra's end. I don't know if Anthony from tempos and does that sounds? Does that sound right to you? Does this sound like it'll solve any problems from your end? It could. There's EU regulation and it's going in place where they have to be authorized by the EU central bank as a KYC provider. So that's something where, if inclusive, would have to get this authorization,
Would have to get this authorization from the EU. Yep and they, and it's right now. I don't think they've actually approved anybody. There's a bunch of companies in application process, but that's the current state in EU, and then we're also doing it in Japan, and in Japan it's a little bit more lenient. They don't require this sort of artificial intelligence on me, on the passport and ID or ID, and we typically consider the EU to be kind of one of them. The more strict jurisdictions- is that correct? That's my understanding. Specifically Japan and Germany in Switzerland, strictest, okay, and then France comes right after. I would say, okay, cool,
Okay, cool. And then I mean the nice thing about that is that's inclusive. Bread and butter is to get authorized by all these places so that everybody else doesn't have to. So okay, it sounds like to me that scheme does solve the regulatory issues, with satoshi pay- another noncustodial waltz- being able to, you know, get kose data into the system and to be trusted from that end. Lisa, can you share a link to that agenda could I could pull up? I think the next thing that we talk about is the technical aspects of it. So I guess we can look at some more these questions. So the strict we're asking if the strategy works for everybody. It sounds like assuming that
Everybody- it sounds like assuming that inclusive- gets authorization from EU to provide this kind of data, that this will actually solve a lot of these problems. We asked about if there's any geographies or scenarios where this may break down, and we kind of talked about how, you know, in Europe things are stricter but it doesn't break down as long as the providing company can get authorized in that geography. And then, if we're looking at edge cases where this may not work, I think one of the edge cases is the case where the receipt actually needs some more data. So you know, I'm imagining the situation where a sending client comes in a very lenient state, provides you know some data that might get them access to their originating countries regulations, but once you're trying to send the summer,
Once you're trying to send the summer and EU the case it might be that they need more information. There they're much stricter and so I'm curious how inclusive, would imagine, is working. Do we ask the receiving anchor to collect more data or does conclusive say: okay, well, now that you're going to be you, we're gonna have to collect more data. Do we have an idea how that work? Yes, so we had a talk and discussion internally about these and, to be honest, it depends on the customer right, because each customer has as its own needs, but how we want to address it is like each customer will, let's say, like a compliance customer of ours- can't define its own list of extra fields they want to collect right besides our core fields, which we provide by default for doing my C's KY based on individuals and entities right. And this
Individuals and entities right, and this is how we are ticket to bleed and, of course, if, for example, a field to make sense for us also to include it by default in the core fields, we can do this and, for example, I think I can give an example as a result of the discussion we had with Kaori. For example, they requested to have a custom field called the BGN, a bank coordination number which is specific to Nigeria, and to validate this field, we have to integrate a specific API from Nigeria to do that right. And then we have an internal discussion and what we decided- is this: is that: look, this is a core field for philosophy, because not only covering is with all the entities or any rituals from Nigeria and need this kind of validation if you want to offer them the compliance check they need right in that specific country and region. So that's one saying it depends on the case, right? Because if something is can be made as a core field, we will include it as a core field. and it's enabled by all the countries. So if
It's enabled by all the countries, so if a customer from a certain country or something region, right, if it's something specific, let's say not to a country or region, but to a company or entity or individual, it can be addressed but to configuration. So we thought on this and at least these are the two directions we want to go, if it makes sense. So when the POC is originally being provided, when an originating anchor initially collects the data, are they collecting that data with the knowledge of where it's going to go, so that they can say you know, they can tell you, hey, we want to send this baby you. What do we need to collect Or do they just collect the data for their own region and send it to you and then wait around in the process? The receiving anchor will then ask you for the data. Yeah, okay. So how I see this process is that I think to the steps which are
That I think to the steps which are available on the Stellar protocol. Like, each anchor will define its fields he needs for KYC care might be right. So, basically, when this information is exchanged between anchors, you know each anchor will not like, for example, maybe as an anchor which is using secrecy as compliance provider, maybe will interact with an anchor which does music. It doesn't use conclusive compliance, right, and this is. And 50 to correct me if I'm wrong. This is embedded in the intercepts, right to the fields you can share between anchors. So each anchor should be responsible to configure these fields, even if it's a constant field. For example, and maybe it's not on the, I think it's set 9 which has the list of the fields, right, it still can be requested to this exchanging of fields, right, and yeah, of course, if it's viable for you also can be also added on that list, right, okay, so it sounds like it's the responsibility of the originating in here to make sure that they're giving you enough data. So, but exactly, and of course some of the fields,
Exactly, and of course some of the fields can be made off from some of the tea fields can be made required, right, so you can have this flexibility, right to jump away the fields, cool, does anyone else in the edge cases where that scheme might fall apart? Oh, because it sounds okay. But generally, what we do- because, well, for the first time you might not necessarily know all his intended jurisdictions, Mike gave you my mother everywhere intends to send she going forth. But what we tend to do is, as we got a client, we would say we would. Often, which countries or which region? I mean sending two intense, eccentric, now in the future kind of thing and based on that, for example, if you have payments that are going to Europe or to include Europe as one of their destinations, then
Europe as one of their destinations, then we would try and acquire the KYC to make the information required for Europe. If it's the U.S. We were trying to quite finish, so we take no responsibility as an acrobat- engaged payments to get the correct information for correct destination and it's business to business payments and there's very involving onboarding process. We can ask the client front that, okay, are you going to meet with the US Rep against the name of the European which, and that means we can, we have a better idea of what can when submission. It would meet for the destination. Okay, yeah, I think that's all make sense. There's also the case where, for example, for a very large transaction, for
Example for a very large transaction, we might- you know, the recent anger might- need extra data, and I think this is fine. The way that it would work is in the step right now, the descending a Turk. I checked the status, the transaction periodically and it might find out about there is actually more data needed. So in this case, would they provide it directly to the anchor or would they provide it to inclusive? And until the anchor we've updated- they're kind of KYC profile with extra data that you needed, I actually don't think it matters. I think both ways would work just fine. I think, from my perspective, and at least how we are placed right now, I think, is the anchor responsibility because basically, having seen these-- Cruces with his compliance service sit under, with
His compliance service sit under, the anchor is not exposed to the anchor, right? Because all the all what you get exposed to the anchor is just the API definitions which are guided by the spiceps, right? So in any set right now, there is no mention of a compliance engine, right? So basically the anchor is responsible to integrate with inclusive through a set. Right? A set which collects the chaos information. At least this isn't if I'm seeing things right now. Maybe in the future can. Is everybody else still here? I'm still here. Yeah, I think we got a just a little, yes, delay there. Okay, I do have one or two comments or questions. So I one
Or two comments or questions, so I kind of on topic. One of them is: you know, Michael, we historically had a compliance service or compliance server as part of the Stellar ecosystem stack. Did you all consider using that and why or why not? Yeah, I think that. Step 3- I'm just gonna pull it up real quick- there were aspects of it that we used for sure and there were aspects of it that didn't quite work. This is a good question and I think I should put some information about the I. The answer is: I would need to go back and kind of collect the answer to that. I don't have it offhand. I do know that we referenced, if you're talking about step, referenced
If you're talking about step- 3, we referenced it in a lot of ways but there were a lot of hiccups to it that made it more difficult. Its, Anthony, I can, I can add to that because we were using it quite a bit to compliance ever. It's a lot. The this new implementation is a lot simpler and cleaner and this, the compliance server, was a little bit compliment, complicated to implement and it's a little bit different from these, from the other, except 24. So this will keep everything kind of in with one authentication mechanism, SEP 10, and one kind of signing of the data, gotcha. That makes sense today, great. And so one other comment that all I'll bring in before we jump back into things. You know we're talking a lot about sharing KYC data between anchors. Can sharing
KYC data between anchors? Can anyone speak to how we ensure that this data is treated securely as part of this process? I mean, you know, how does a consumer using an anchor know that any personal information they share is going to be treated securely throughout this kind of anchor anchor can we see exchange process? So I think there's a few aspects of that to look at. One is technically, how is this actually secured? And but I think the more interesting question is business wise you know we are sharing data between entities, so how do we ensure you know that your personal data doesn't get sent to some shady anchor that you know it steals it and does whatever with it? So from the technical side, I think you know everything's obviously encrypted. I think everything's
Obviously encrypted. I think this about this set makes it clear that this has to be all of our steps. Basically say, you have to use HTTPS, so everything is cryptid over the wire, everything is authenticated. Using SEP 10 was a cryptographically secure way to say that only authenticated people can access this. So people who are part of this network have all agreed on a public key with each other so that they can authenticate with each other. So I think it's safe to say that, for all reasonable intents and purposes, this data can only be accessed by the parties who are involved in this agreement. Now the interesting part of the question is how do we know who's part of this Agreement? How do we know who can actually access our data? And I think the answer to that is: you know anyone who's part of this is.
You know anyone who's part of this multilateral agreement knows who else is part of this agreement. So you are, you know, as a user you're giving your data to a company that you trust. If you're giving your data to a company you don't trust- like all bets are off, so you know you've kind of entered into this by saying I trust Howry to deal with my data and implicitly you're saying: I also agree that the people that calorie shares this data with I also trust, but we do get into kind of a more. You know that that's a much bigger leap. Does anyone else have any thoughts on kind of that? The trust story here involved with personal data: yes, so from my point of view, or our point of view, I think it would make a lot of sense if the user would sign something like a piece of data that says I want to or I agree to, share my data with anchor X, so also anchor X can later with
anchor X, so also anchor X can later odd ZK. Was he provided conclusive can later proof that the use of was informed about that is that the data is going to be shared because I signed that piece of data. So it's like in a contract between two parties. Yeah, I think it's a much clearer story when you know a user comes to calorie, puts in their data, clearly they trust, carry with the data and then they actually go to send the money and it says we're gonna go through tempo. I don't know if the UI actually tells them what they're going through, but pretty much this thing. I want to put my data in for this transfer from you know between these two companies. So I trust that these two companies will treat my data properly. The question that comes up is: since we have this multilateral agreement, can a third company come in and just request you company?
Come in and just request. You know, request Michael Feldstein, data from conclusive. You know if a kind of sketchy company gets. So there's. I guess there's two questions here that I have for the conclusive product is: does every party be that's already involved in the multilateral agreement have to agree to a new party entering? And then second question: can any party at any time just requests data that's been entered into this pool or is it only possible when a user agrees that you know they want that's the other party they want involved with their data? Mm hmm so sorry for dropping off, but they have some internet issues. So it depends to ask you a question because I think it depends on the under regulations. For example, in the U.S. Regulation, by law you can share KYC data. Regulation, by
Law you can share KYC data, no personal data, but you can search every see date, right. So let's say, for example, if Europe is the same and by law you are allowed to share KYC data, what personal information data, let's say, is when an anchor from us is doing payments and transaction with an icon from euro, for example. There is no need for an agreement because we are not sharing personal information. You are just between ke wifey data and personal information. Yes, KYC data. For example, I've checked you on the sanction list of ABI. You're not there, but it's not showing the name. It was checked, right, okay, I checked you own off at least. Or UN list or something else. You are not there, right, or whatever sanctioned is, or address match or things like that. So you don't get in the KYC detain a person, any personal information. But the game actually is the result of processing the actually is
The result of processing the person exactly. So the anchor has to keep the personal information is just sent them, either the personal information or either on just an identification or a house or something that person information. We are still working on this and if we already have the KYC for that unique entity or person, we just share the KYC data, which doesn't contain any personal information. And again, that's why I said it depends. Because it depends on the regulation, like maybe some country or regions, you're not allowed to ship KYC data even though it doesn't contains any personal information, right? So for the case of sharing personal information, like we talked about earlier, this process does allow for a receiving anchor to pull down the personal information, like with any said. You know, they need to be able to share that with regulators. They need to know- you know things- actually get data. So does that process for an anchor actually pulling process for
An anchor actually pulling down personal data, how is that controlled? I think that's the control of anchor level and sub level. I think you guys already have this in the first. I think it was set three or something with Padma Franco- to anchor in which, when you were requesting personal information for a central entity or individual involved in the transaction from another anchor, that anchor would had like a check on this information like its shareable or not, or something like this right. So I think the death should be- and as you guys mention, I think somebody mentioned it should be- a conflict signed between anchors right to be able to do this: either two anchors either like but the entity or individual level, right, maybe when you start in a transaction, you can ask you: okay, are you willing to share your personal information? And maybe a note: if you're not willing to sell your personal information, it means that maybe the information, it
Means that maybe the transaction or something right. But is there any way for someone to say I'm willing to share my personal information with just these two entities versus I'm willing to share my personal information with anyone involved in the multilateral agreement? Yes, I think is possible, but, to be honest, I don't know whose responsibility it should be. anchor responsibility to collect this data and store it, right and to do the check. Okay, I am, I'm allowed to share the information with this certain entity or individual or with this provider, let's say, or released anchor, or it should be thing if responsibility to collect this data and went on this monster, that little thing just to check. If I'm allowed to share this, right, okay, we are not trying to share personal information, we are trying to share KYC data, right, so that's the best purpose, okay, it seems like an aspect that we really need to dig into and make sure that was a really good and make
Sure that was a really good question. I'm glad somebody brought it up. I'm not certain that we have an exact answer for this, but it seems like if we're gonna have this just this way- four acres to download personal data- we're gonna need some pretty good controls on who can actually do that. Otherwise, you know that's it's a broad pool of putting your data out there. So I guess a more straightforward question is the first one in this: multilateral agreements. How does that pool grow? Does everybody in the pool have to agree to every new addition? And just one thing, Michael: I do want to call attention to the time. So, as much as we can eventually move the discussion to the 0 3 I think that would be great to do so. But that would
Be great to do so. But don't want to interrupt you. I think that was we need to dig into that. a bit. We did it on the call, so, yeah, let's take a look at that next section. Okay, great, so, Andy, did you want to give a bit of an intro on this? Yes, of course. So we have a bit of unusual use case from an anchors perspective and considering what we discussed so far, because we are a noncustodial application and we want to take part in that directs and process. So right now we have two approaches that we are trying or discussing internally at Satoshi pay and for those two processes we have two different. There's two different flows. We have two requirements, like one each, how to. How would we take? Like one
Each, how to, how would we take part and would we facilitate the direct send even though we are not an anchor. So our use case is actually that we have a client who is in charge of their own funds- they owned their secret key- and we want to use that iOS and API between anchors or to another anchor. So, like we one option we are looking into right now is that basically, it happens anchor anchor and we would need some way to initiate the whole payment flow, like we as a third party which need a way to tell anchor a descending anger and to actually start a payment to anchor B. This is one option that we have. The other one is from us from a other one
Is from us from a receiving anchors perspective, that we would basically be the sending anchor in some sense, but we would actually send the money from the user's account, from the clients account, or rather the client sends it and as we're non custodial and for that we would need to be able and as a direct sent proposal of states that the endpoint is not supposed to be public, there's like a white list of entities that are able to use that endpoint, usually anchors. We would not only be able to have us white listed as Toshi pay, but we would need to be able to have like sub accounts, so like we have a Satoshi pair identity and we have our clients and our clients would have. Our
Clients and our clients would need, like the keys of our clients would need, to be white listed to participate in that direct indirect send. I hope that makes it half way clear, even though it's a lot to paint in the air. so maybe we can get some kind of thoughts from Google, your Anthony, about how they imagine the ability to actually take these as the receiving end of this. Yes, yeah, it would be based on the piece. I think that would be the ministering forward implementation for every key. As the initiator of a transaction, which would be such as basic customer, we would need to know that key. I believe the accent makes you stop the step turn. Accent makes
You stop the step turn- ostentatious key right, so we can verify that an incoming transaction was signed by your original key. So basically, we just need to know or have a process where such a few people would register each individual key with us, maybe as part of their onboarding process or something. So they would say, okay, this key is lost to me, belongs to Stassi. She paid us to one of such as she pays customers, and then we would essentially whiteness that particular key and when second receive API it's being called, it would need to be authenticated with step 10. So we knew that this transaction was signed by this key, which was white listed to start. So, yeah, I think that would be the mystery, for yes, that sounds would be
The mystery, for yes, that sounds exactly like what we had in mind And the point, like what's missing right now from our perspective, is just that we need some protocol. How we do is a retro string part. Yes, essentially, we need to come up with a way to actually we could go as far as making it suspended, say that it's the same process, immiscible with so we actually have so first off, is it okay if we go ten minutes over, since we kind of got a ten minute late start. I'm good with that. Hey, yep, my, I was just actually messaging people about that. So in fact we can go ten or fifteen minutes over. So all the ten or
Fifteen minutes over, so all the hard cutoff, time being 9 45 a m yesterday cool so in that regard one of the other things that were working on tangentially to this is the ability to kind of pre register KYC so we were talking about for you know everything in the time I hear is person to person one of the other things that came up post business to business payments and this gets a lot more complicated because business you know business KYB know your business stuff is a lot more complicated and less standardized than know your customer so this is kind of a manual process and you know we're talking to tempo who does this manually and so it's important to kind of get this done ahead of time where we can say you know if you're gonna want to do business let's register you ahead of time and so we actually have not a set but kind of a proposal that we did where it's proposal that
We did where it's essentially an augmentation of sub 12 is the way to upload customer data to somebody but it's a protocol that says I want to register an entity here's their personal tell me what personal data you need from them I'm gonna give it to you and we can see if you're happy with them yet you need more I'll give you more data but this might be useful I think Andy you were on that thread right have you seen what I'm talking about yes I commented something earlier today actually I don't know if you saw it I just like oh yeah sure yeah so I wrote that the more I think about it the more it occurs to me that it would seem from a protocol level it might even seem cleaner to separate the actual transfer sets more from the KYC actual transfer
Sets more from the KYC sets that were from a KYC set so that the KYC can be done ahead of time and if and it could still be done in the moment you do the transfer because you either have not KY seed yet all the k was he that you or the data that you supplied it's not enough and in that case it would just instead of just telling you need to provide more data and like we do now if would basically it would be the same but redirect you to the KYC endpoint so that's a KYC endpoint would become like the single source of truth for all things KYC but of course is a tricky topic because it would require us to change the existing steps like step 6 step 24 also so this is a bit of a hot step 24 also so this is a bit of a hot topic I guess yeah definitely not eager topic I
Guess yeah definitely not eager to make changes to step 6 step 24 but for the process of this if there was a protocol where somebody could register a user linked to a Stellar key or rather a Stellar key and an optional memo for custodial solutions seems like it might allow you to kind of do this upfront registering and then once you know Kaori your tempo has accepted a client based on this registration process then you could you know then Satoshi BAE's wallet can initiate the transfer using that September memo come her I guess in your case Ville it'll just be a key for SEP 10 Mike said separation of concerns set wise and this is more the engineer talking from a Satoshi pay perspective everything that Satoshi pay
Perspective everything that enables us to also do the KYC ahead of time which was a job okay let me share that with you boo by me I don't think I actually sent it to you originally but I think this can allow for exactly what you're talking about yeah as long as you're willing to allow us to toship a wallet or a noncustodial wallet to register users in this way I think we can do that technically it doesn't seem that complicated what you're asking worst case if it's really an issue to have a noncustodial client supplies the actual okay wasted as their personal information worst case scenario maybe we can have a fallback to an interactive KYC but of course it would allow for a much course it
Would allow for a much smoother on user experience if we could supplies the actual data yeah we've been focused really on for this direct sends send receive stuff we've really been focused on non interactive because this is kind of you know the this is a communication between two businesses normally if I yeah I see what you're saying let's try to do the non interactive way and if you know if things really fall apart that we can start to look at the interactive you know taking a KYC form from the receiving anchor and showing it in the wallet similar to how step 24 does it I don't actually think we're going to need to get there really just gonna
Stay here the feels that I need yeah that sounds good for mind okay I feel good about that wonderful so do we feel like we have both kind of a short term wave for how we want to start testing and implementing this stuff and then kind of a median turn plan for building out something more kind of sustainable or long term I think they're very similar approaches okay it's Anthony Michael you asked me about step 6 I think last week mm hmm are you thinking of bringing that back or adding that to this new standard or the question I had last week was more kind question I
Had last week was more kind of a maintenance obstetrics so we had it seems like everyone the ecosystem kind of likes to continue to use step 6 so the thing that was asking about was just for security purposes currently there's a lot of personal information that's sent over a get request and in the URL which is URLs are not really secure they can be leaked through browser history or whatever so we just want to change that endpoint to be a post request which it sounds like you already did so it was two separate it had nothing to do with this I don't okay thank you okay great well so were there any last items that people wanted to discuss before we end the roundtable for today yeah I have one more thing actually because I said more thing
Actually because I said that like two paths that we are considering right now and we discussed the second one and this is quite actionable but for the first and we skipped that little bit in this case maybe we can do it very briefly and I just want to hear if anchors have some specific thoughts on that and this is if we were to do the direct sending the direct payments directly from an anchor to another anchor and we would just basically step in and like we would be the party initiating the whole flow in for the user and we would like just connect the dots and the user would then directly like trend send a payment a fiat payment for example to Z sending anger and the sending anger upon arrival anger and
The sending anger upon arrival sensor to the receiving anchor and it's a bit hard to explain now in such short term but are there any hard feelings from anchors about adding support for something like this or not adding it like that you allowed some other party to kick off the floor in this process does the sending anchor need to know anything about what's happening or does it simply accept deposits and issue tokens like an anchor has always done yes basically so of course and the anchor stone needs to control like the KYC flow request more data something like that I suppose but apart from that it's always like it's always been okay so what I had it's always
Been okay so what I had understood from your flow there was you the wallet itself would be the initiator of the transaction and from a receiving anchors point of view they care about two things one we have good KYC data we know who we're dealing with we've received proper payment you know we received the tokens we expect to receive for this payment they don't originally they were kind of conflated where the person who provides the KYC is the same as the person that sends the tokens I don't think that necessarily needs to be true as long as both things are true that they as long as both things are provided good kose data and proper payment do those actually need to you know does know does
If Satoshi they can provide KYC either through if inclusive or through however the anchor accepts and the receipt anchor gets the money they expect is that enough because if that's the case that and the sending anchor doesn't really need to know that they're part of this payment protocol they just need to know they've accepted some Fiat they've sent a token to an address just to say we do that right now with some of the crypto anchors like papaya bod and not nao BTC what exactly what do you mean we what is that you do essentially we sell the client like a nao BTC Bitcoin and then they choose to send to the Bitcoin address they're doing withdraw on that anchor but it's
Behind the scenes the client doesn't know okay that doesn't sound too bad an address that's whitelisted we don't really care like if he is a client of the partner or whatever the case same thing long as we receive a fiat payment corresponding to a section we don't really care as long as it a right if the only question I think really is do we have to connect the income via payment with the KYC of a the income
Via payment with the KYC of a particular wallet address if we have to do that is also possible I think it can be done because we were first of all we already have a business relationship and a business agreement with a special tree for example and then there's going to be white listing up one body or any one else address so as long as we move through that process when any send receive transaction that comes in we know that it's one that that's you launch the strategy behind is rating whiteness didn't we already have accuracy for it so yeah it's a it's ounds overly complicated to expect that this sending you know a stunning anchor who's not actually originating with this payment is going to become a part of it but it is going
To become a part of it but it seems totally straightforward for them to issue the tokens to the wallet and then the wallet sends the money and in that case it's coming from an address that's been whitelist it has been you know registered in KYC properly yeah that's maybe the most straightforward thing to do cool III had one question on this external memo field for Satoshi pay because I've seen it before that wallets who are initiating transfers they often need their own reference to come in so then essentially this two memo field is an external memo and then our memo can you explain a bit how you should be that working oh yeah should be
That working oh yeah so from our point of view like you're referring to the external memo and the in like the Stellar transaction memo right exactly so we don't really care about the Stellar transaction memo but on pay out we would like to be able to add a custom text to the actual bank transfer reference that text that's attached to those bank transfers usually we know that of course you guys have to add your own text for referencing it later I guess but our goal is to also include some text or some code of ours so that the receiving party can like the text receiving party
Can like the text that we want to add is primarily specified by our client so if Anthony you are our client in this case you can enter some ID where you know or case is payment X and you would enter that in our wallet and we would sent this to Temple on withdrawal on payout and then the idea is that temple as this payment acts memo that you anthony as the user specified is that that actual bank transfer text great thank you okay awesome so if that is kind of one of our last trailing comments then I'm going to go ahead and wrap this session up I think we've had a lot of great up I
Think we've had a lot of great discussions really excited about the progress we made on the multilateral KYC conversation so Thank You Claudio and also on the non custodial wallet integration into the direct sub transaction so lots of stuff there I know that there were a few points that we are going to need to follow up on that's the nature of these discussions so things will continue to be dynamic but thank you so much everyone for your time and participation today and thanks for everybody who is tuning in thank you sir thanks all right